[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Today we
have Tony Rodriguez, who
claims to have entered
the Secret Space Program.
Hi, Tony.
>>TONY RODRIGUES: Hey, Jay.
>>JAY: So let's start
at the beginning.
Where were you living
when all of this started?
>>RODRIGUES: I
grew up on a farm.
We had a 13 acre farm house
that was a 100 year old house
in southern Michigan,
on the southern side
of Ypsilanti, Michigan--
Ann Arbor.
I went to old Brick
Elementary School
and had a normal childhood
for the most part.
I was 9 years old, I
guess, when I started.
>>JAY: Well, that's
pretty young.
Why would they
take a 9-year-old?
>>RODRIGUES: What happened was
it was fourth grade for me.
In the third grade,
I tested really well
on some aptitude tests.
So the school had coincidentally
just been funded that year
for a new program, the
talented and gifted program,
TAG for short.
>>JAY: Yes, I know this program.
Yes.
>>RODRIGUES: TAG.
And so I guess it still exists.
>>JAY: Yes, it does.
>>RODRIGUES: In my third grade,
they told all the teachers
to be on the lookout for
kids that were smart,
and so it was the
top 5% of the school,
and I ended up in there.
In fourth grade, they
sent news to my parents,
and we met every Wednesday
at 9:00 AM in the library.
And what the class was
was advanced learning--
how to research things.
There was no internet back
then, so it was teaching us
how to think for ourselves,
be creative, and do
your own research.
That was the class.
So for me, I was the
youngest of five children,
and I could hang my hat.
That was the thing that--
the youngest kid really isn't
this oldest, or fastest,
or the prettiest, whatever.
So for me, it was like I was
smart, and I was proud of that.
And when I went to that class,
I met kids that were smarter
than me, and it hurt.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RODRIGUES: One
of them was a kid
who was ridiculously-- he's
tested something like 200 IQ.
He spoke like an adult,
and he told the teacher
how to run the class.
I was resentful that I
wasn't the smartest kid.
I was the smartest
kid at home, and that
was where I hung my hat.
So here comes this kid
that was amazingly smart
and mature, to boot,
but a little off.
And so we didn't get
along, and I picked on him.
We were rivals, and
I was mean to him.
Teacher would give
us an assignment.
We'd sit at the
couch in the library,
get books, and research.
And one day, we're sitting
there, and he says,
my dad's an Illuminati.
What's your dad do?
And he said it really
condescendingly,
like my dad's an Illuminati.
What's your dad do?
And I didn't know what that was.
My dad works for General Motors.
My dad's got an awesome job.
And I didn't think
anything of it,
but that stood out, because
his behavior was just so far
away from any other
behavior of anybody
I'd ever met to that point.
>>JAY: So he was
really eccentric.
>>RODRIGUES: Very.
Oh, yeah.
His dad was in town
negotiating a contract
between two corporations that
were headquartered in the area.
>>JAY: What year was this
where you went into the school?
>>RODRIGUES: It was the
school year of '81 to '82.
So his dad came later that year.
I believe it was in
April, but that's a guess.
It was a long time ago.
And he was the judge
for the science fair,
and what our teacher
for that class--
and I won't mention
her name, but she
said he was the most educated
man she'd ever heard of.
He had more PhDs than
she thought was possible.
So he was a perfect judge
for the science fair
for our fourth grade class.
And we set up our
exhibit in the cafeteria.
I walked by him and his dad,
and he says, in earshot of me,
as I walked by
him, he said, dad,
that's that boy I told you
about that ruined my confidence.
>>JAY: Whoa.
>>RODRIGUES: And then they
had a weird conversation.
They used weird words.
He said maybe we'll send
him to one of our projects,
but I didn't think
anything of it.
I just went on about my day.
I was a pretty cocky
kid at the time.
>>JAY: Sure.
>>RODRIGUES: I think
if I would have never
been interrupted with
any of this I would be
a completely different person.
>>JAY: Probably.
>>RODRIGUES: I'm really not
the most self-confident person
anymore.
So he said, we'll do that.
And he said to his dad, he
doesn't deserve any of that.
And he said something
back to him.
He said, you're going
to have to learn
how to manage your assets
better or something.
He said something like that.
I went on about my day,
and it was that night.
>>JAY: So this was a lesson to
his kid about how to be tough.
>>RODRIGUES: Maybe.
And a lesson to me, as well,
for how to not be so arrogant,
I guess.
And it worked.
>>JAY: It worked.
>>RODRIGUES: It was that
night or a couple of nights--
it was very soon after that
night that I woke up with
a being in my face in my
bedroom in that farmhouse--
in that house.
And I thought it was my dad.
My dad always did pranks, and
I thought he had a mask on.
I said, dad, take the mask off.
It's the middle of the night.
And I reached up and
touched it, and it just
stood over me dead silent--
a gray, your typical gray.
And I touched it, and it was
cold, and wet, and very porous,
like giant pores.
And I went ah, and then as soon
as I reacted, I was paralyzed.
I couldn't move.
And I could move my eyes,
but I couldn't move.
And then from there, I
saw at the foot of my bed
two or three more
reptile looking beings.
I don't want to call them
aliens, but they were ETs.
>>JAY: What did they look like?
>>RODRIGUES: They had hoods on.
They were reptiles.
They were probably
three or four feet tall.
>>JAY: Shorter.
>>RODRIGUES: They were short,
and they came in, and picked me
up, and carried me to
the foot of my bed.
There was a flash of light.
I thought I was
going out my window,
but there was a flash
of light, and it
was kind of very disorienting.
And then I remember
being on a table.
I was basically naked on a
stainless steel kind of table,
and it was a round room.
I had bad vision back then.
I've had laser surgery since.
I had very nearsightedness.
So I was in that room,
and everything was blurry
just because I didn't
have my glasses with me.
And they ran some tests on me.
They hit me here,
and it was painful.
And the short reptile was
talking to me telepathically.
It was telepathic.
And he said, we're going
to run some tests on you.
We want your help, and I was--
I thought it was first contact.
I thought that here is our--
ETs are finally landing.
I knew you guys were real.
Finally there are ETs.
I'm going to prove that--
I was going to be the kid that
was going to go home and tell
his parents there's ETs.
And he said, we need
to borrow your--
his exact words were we need
to borrow your consciousness.
You're going to help us.
Do you want to help us?
And I said, yes.
And then the other said--
>>JAY: So you weren't
scared at all or afraid?
>>RODRIGUES: You know what?
They went out of
their way to be very--
we're not going to hurt you.
Nothing bad is going
to happen to you.
We're going to put you back.
You're going to be fine.
I was afraid when I came
to, but they were very,
very-- we're not going to
do anything to hurt you.
I said, this just hurt.
But they were very reassuring,
so I thought that I
was in good hands at that time.
And again, I was a kid.
I'd never really been
in anybody's bad hands
before that.
So I had no reason to be afraid.
And he said, we're going to
borrow your consciousness,
and you're going to
be gone for 20 years.
And I said, no, I can't do that.
I have my mom, and
dad, and my family.
I have a family.
I can't be gone.
And he explained.
He said, no, you're going to
go right back the next day.
It'll be like you
never left, but you get
to live with this extra time.
It's going to be a
huge blessing to you.
He had to ask.
The gray that was in the room
was a longer necked gray,
not like the one that took me.
It had a longer
neck-- taller gray.
And he said, you have to get
his permission at some point.
And that's when
he asked me that.
We need to borrow
your consciousness.
And then I said, OK, as long as
you're sure you're telling me.
It was just like "Fire in
the Sky," the Travis Walton
experience, where they
laid me down on a table.
He said, OK, we're not
going to do anything
that's going to hurt you.
You're going to be just fine.
And they put a latex or like a
rope thin rubber sheet over me,
and the table sucked it tight.
There was a vacuum.
And then I couldn't breathe,
and I opened my mouth and went--
and it was in--
the vacuum had been--
I was breathing in,
and they took a scalpel
and cut it so I could breathe.
So I thought, hey,
I thought you said
you weren't going to hurt me.
And they said, you weren't hurt.
I said, well, what if I
could have choked on that.
How did you know I
was going to breathe
in where you could cut it?
And he said, because
everybody does.
That's what he said.
And then they cut
out around my eye,
which they had to do a test and
see what was my dominant eye.
And then it was a
gold needle that
went in right by the
tear duct and went
bam, which hurt like hell.
And it felt like I
was being sucked--
it felt like you know when you
get punched and you see stars?
>>JAY: Yeah.
>>RODRIGUES: It was
that, but times 1,000.
And the next thing I knew I woke
up, and I had no memory of mom,
or dad, or anywhere.
I had complete amnesia,
and I was in the desert.
>>JAY: The memory wiped you?
They mind wiped you?
>>RODRIGUES: I had no
memory of my family.
>>JAY: Of your entire life?
You're nine years old, and
now you have no memories.
>>RODRIGUES: That's right.
>>JAY: Do you remember what you
learned in school and things?
>>RODRIGUES: No.
I could speak English.
>>JAY: You could speak.
>>RODRIGUES: And I
had a few memories,
but no, I didn't have
memory of school.
I didn't have much ability.
I had no memory of where
I came from or anything.
I woke up, and there was a man,
a tall guy with Coke bottle
glasses, curly hair.
>>JAY: You were in
the desert, you said?
>>RODRIGUES: I've
found it since then.
I pinned it down to
Inyokern Air Base.
They were like portables.
>>JAY: In California?
>>RODRIGUES: In Southern
California next to China Lake.
It was like old used
hospital equipment.
There was a nurse, and he said--
they're giving me
the reflex test.
He gave me your standard
checkup, and he said,
do you remember your mom or dad?
I said, no.
He said, do you
remember your brothers
or-- do you have any
brothers or sisters?
I said, no.
And then he said, go
ahead and lay down.
I felt terrible.
I felt nauseous and terrible,
and they let me go to sleep.
And the next morning it
began your standard--
which I've researched
since then,
but it was your standard
MK Ultra trauma based
mind control program.
>>JAY: And why would
they do this to you?
>>RODRIGUES: Well, this
is the hardest part
of the whole experience.
The whole 20 years
that I went through--
this is absolutely the
hardest part to recount,
because it still hurts.
At the end of the
program, our behavior
was completely different
than what it was.
That was the last time
that I was myself.
I was never the same after that.
They electric shocked us, and
they made us watch movies.
>>JAY: So a little bit like
Stanley Kubrick's "Clockwork
Orange."
>>RODRIGUES: A lot like it.
They were like the old
'70s motorcycle helmets,
and they had an electric current
that passed through them.
And it hurt, man.
He had a dial.
Some days he turned it
up higher than others.
And he drugged us.
It was like an LSD, some kind
of hallucinogen. I don't know.
I didn't cover this, but
at the time, when he said,
do you remember
your mom and dad?
Do you have any memories?
He said, that's
because you're a clone.
So that's what he thought I was.
Whether I was or
not, I don't know.
I experienced it.
I remember it.
Me right now, I'm me.
I have a birth certificate,
and I'm a normal person.
So I may have been
a clone of myself
with my consciousness
transferred.
>>JAY: So then what
happened after this?
Where did you go?
>>RODRIGUES: It
culminated-- the program
that I was in-- they
put us in a oxygen tent
and lowered the oxygen.
And a bell would
ring when you were about to
die, when your heart stopped.
>>JAY: They were
trying to figure out
if you could live in
low oxygen environments?
>>RODRIGUES: Well, they brought
you really close to death,
and then once I was about
to die, the bell would ring,
and oxygen would come on.
I'd wake back up, and I'd go--
in those first few
moments that I had oxygen,
and I remember-- and
that went on for hours.
And eventually it
got to the point
where I could feel like I was--
you know the tunnel
when you're leaving?
It was that experience.
I got to the point where I
was going farther and farther,
closer to death.
And I remember that I spoke, and
I said, leave this kid alone.
It wasn't me talking
as a little kid.
It was me talking like myself.
I spoke like an adult. I
said, leave this kid alone,
or I'm going to
make you regret it.
And then the nurse was there,
and they called me over
to the doctor.
And I made the lights
flicker or something--
the lights in the room.
And that qualified me
to go to the next stage
of the program, the theta
stage of the programming.
>>JAY: So they're actually
trying to get your higher self
to intrude into the--
>>RODRIGUES: And that's
exactly what happened, yes.
>>JAY: That's
really interesting.
>>RODRIGUES: Then I
went into the theta,
and then that was only a
few weeks of remote viewing.
>>JAY: So somehow
they thought now you
were qualified to
become a remote viewer,
so it has to be a direct
result of the trauma based
mind control programming.
>>RODRIGUES: What
happened was, after that,
we did the remote viewing tests,
and then they got to the point
where they would give us--
they would give me an IV
with a bag of whatever,
and then put a drug in there,
and I would lose consciousness.
And when I woke up, people were
freaked out by stuff I said.
That was from probably my--
in my age in that
timeline with 20 back--
probably from my age of
12 or 13 till about 16.
Well, what happened was that
he had a military guy came,
and they gave us a
calisthenic program.
They wanted to keep us in
shape, and in the mornings,
we had a pill cup that we took.
And then we did calisthenics
out on the deck,
or in the wintertime, we were
in the lower basement room.
Eventually one day they changed
the pills, and I was sick.
In my real life, I'm
allergic to codeine greatly,
and so it must have been
a codeine pill in there.
The first day I got sick from
it, and by the third day,
as soon as I took
the pill, I was
vomiting right then and there.
And they said, if you can't
get used to these new pills,
he's going to have to
go to the military,
and that's exactly
what happened.
>>JAY: And that's when you
joined the Secret Space
Program.
>>RODRIGUES: And there were
guys in a van that gave me
an injection, and I went out.
And I woke up.
I was not on the earth anymore.
I was taken to the moon base.
I woke up on a base.
Your standard TR3B
lower triangular
landed on the runway.
A staircase went
up to it, and there
was 80 people, 100
people that boarded it,
and we walked on it.
And we sat down there.
It was just like the
inside of an airplane,
but there were wide rows--
20, 30 seats wide.
And we took off.
And when we got close to the
moon, the wall on the right
hand side of the craft
went transparent,
and the pilot came
over the intercom,
just like in an airplane flight
when you're flying across.
If you look to the right,
this is the Grand Canyon.
He did that.
He said, here is a base.
He said something like
there is one of our bases.
If you look, you can see it.
I couldn't see it
where I was sitting,
but when we went to the next
base where we were going,
my wall on my side of the
craft went transparent,
and we could see it.
He said that the Pentagon was
designed so robustly that they
saved money in this base by
using the same blueprints,
but it basically looked
just like the Pentagon.
And then the wall went,
and we landed, and docked,
and went in.
>>JAY: Interesting.
So what happens at this point?
>>RODRIGUES: I was in a room
that looked like computer labs
on a college campus.
Big room with a pretty tall
ceiling and rows of computers.
And what they did was--
it was a gray this time
and would give me
instructions telepathically.
And in the mornings,
he'd set you up,
and I got an eyedrop
that was a drug.
And then there was a station,
and you rested your head on it
right in front of the screen,
and then it would play movies.
There were speakers,
and it started off
with the binaural stuff--
a few minutes of that--
and then that would quit.
And then whatever
drug they'd give you
would take more effect.
And then the movies would
play, and it was training,
but it wasn't like--
I wasn't being trained
to be a soldier.
We were being trained to
be fodder for soldiers.
And what it was was a
fight or flight response.
They were movies and weird
clips of things that basically--
and then recordings
of a man's voice
like the best thing you
can do for your brother
is to give your life.
You have two choices.
You can run or you can fight,
and the greatest choice
is to fight.
And it was stuff
like that that just
played over and over for hours.
>>JAY: So you're back into a
kind of a mind control program
again.
>>RODRIGUES: Exactly.
>>JAY: Only this
time it's getting
you ready for the military.
>>RODRIGUES: That's
exactly what it was.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RODRIGUES: I have no
idea how long that lasted.
It lasted for a while, and
then what happened was--
and then they did other things.
There was a machine they put
us in that moved your strength.
They gave you surgery,
and then there
is a machine that would move
me, and see my range of motion,
and test how strong I was.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RODRIGUES: But it was
only once in a while
that anything deviated from
those movies of training.
I never fired a weapon
or anything like that.
>>JAY: Were there
windows that you
could see the moon or anything?
There was nothing--
>>RODRIGUES: No.
It was a hallway to my room
and a hallway back to that.
>>JAY: That's it.
And this went on
for quite a while?
>>RODRIGUES: A while, yeah.
A month, a couple months.
There were drugs involved,
and people want definite stuff
like, can you draw us a picture?
I was drugged, man.
>>JAY: And do you remember
what these movies were about?
>>RODRIGUES: Fight
or flight response.
>>JAY: That's it?
No weapons training
or anything like that?
>>RODRIGUES: No.
>>JAY: So this was just
merely psychological.
>>RODRIGUES: When it finished,
there were only about a dozen
of us.
We were taking a smaller craft.
We went into a hangar,
and we were taken
to another base on the moon.
And we got out.
This was when your
drill sergeant
guys were waiting for us.
Stand at attention.
And they walked us down,
and look down, just watch
the guy in front of you,
look at nothing else,
and walk single file.
We walked a long
ways down a corridor,
and we took an elevator down.
And they marched
us up to a door--
to a big gray door and gave us--
I guess it was our trial run.
It was an operational
trial run, and they gave us
a canister that looked
like a shaving cream can
with a red button on top the
size of maybe a small energy
drink.
And they said, once
you walk through that--
a drill sergeant was there.
That's how we spoke--
very, very blunt,
very abrasively.
He said, once you go through
that door, those will arm.
And if you see anything that's
a threat to you or your friends,
or you or your company, you
should do the right thing
and eliminate the threat.
That was our instructions.
He stepped off.
We stood there, and we waited
a long time, a good while.
We waited 30, 40 minutes
at attention right there--
a dozen of us.
>>JAY: You were inside?
>>RODRIGUES: It was inside.
>>JAY: Or you were taken
from the ship and put into--
>>RODRIGUES: It was
in a hallway, yeah.
And then the door
opened on its own.
They took us in.
They gave us a
medical examination
on a hospital-- in one
big room with beds,
and we slept on them.
And then next morning we were
shipped off on another ship--
same one, same with
the wide rows--
and I went to Mars.
So we flew into
orbit around Mars.
We didn't have
clearance to land.
We were in orbit, and
we got there quickly,
but we didn't have
clearance to land.
We stayed in orbit
for a few hours,
and the pilot turned
off the gravity
and said, if you guys want
to experience zero gravity,
now's a good time.
You've got about a half hour.
I'll turn the gravity off.
There was artificial
gravity on the ship.
And I was too scared, and
I regretted that always
after that.
I always wanted to
experience zero gravity,
and that was my only chance
I really got of that.
And the other boys
on the other side
did, and they were doing flips.
There were poles.
Every few rows of
seats had a pole
that you could grab
and orient yourself
so that you were never too far
away from something to grab
in case of zero gravity.
So they were doing
flips and stuff.
It looked like fun.
>>JAY: How did the gravity
work on these ships?
>>RODRIGUES: On Ceres
I saw them install
gravity plating everywhere.
>>JAY: So the floors
had plating in them?
>>RODRIGUES: There
was a thick gravity--
>>JAY: Electro-gravitic
plating, or?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah,
it was powered.
There was a powered
plating that was thick,
and it had cylinders inside
of it and a mesh over it,
and that was gravity.
>>JAY: Just for
the record, you're
not the first one to tell me
this almost in exact detail.
>>RODRIGUES: Well, I was
in awe because I literally
saw that stuff go for miles.
For miles.
And every time they opened up--
I worked in the mine
one day, and they
would clear out in
the microgravity,
and then immediately install it.
So I saw it piled
up ready to go--
the plates.
And they all plugged in.
What boggled my mind
was the amount of energy
that it took to plate--
to turn on the floor--
to have a powered flooring
the size of a city.
And so that was
something that was just
always impressive to me, but
again, that was on the ships,
as well.
>>JAY: And that's what
they're using in these floors.
>>RODRIGUES: On ships
I worked on later,
there were areas in the ship
that had gravity distortions
because of the drive
or for whatever--
one reason or other--
that I would always sneak
off and try to play in.
And there was a place where I
would get into about 55% to 60%
less gravity, and I
would kind of drop.
I would be in regular gravity
and drop off, and then
fall into the lower
gravity, and catch myself.
>>JAY: That was thrilling.
>>RODRIGUES: It was fun.
It was my little morning
ritual that I did,
and that's what made me regret
not experiencing the zero
G when I had the chance.
>>JAY: So you're in this hangar.
You've just landed on Mars.
You finally got there.
>>RODRIGUES: They immediately
shipped me and the other guys--
they rounded us up,
and they immediately
put us on a smaller ship, and
we flew to a forward base.
I mean, it was immediate.
It was quick.
>>JAY: Again, could you see
out the windows or anything?
>>RODRIGUES: Just sky.
And we were sat in
rows at that point.
But I immediately went
to a forward base,
and it was like 30
minutes later I was there.
And what it was was
an underground--
I think it had five levels.
The top level was like an armory
area and the medical area,
and then two other levels.
And we went to the bottom
level where everybody lived,
and they gave us a cubicle.
It was an abandoned forward
base or whatever secondary base,
and everything was
ridiculously color
coded with pastel,
bright pastel colors.
It was ridiculous looking.
It looked like a kindergarten.
Everything was color
coded, and there
were lines on the wall
that would take you
to the yellow area or
the orange area, or blue.
And there was a
cafeteria in the middle.
So it branched
off where we were,
and they converted
cubicles-- office cubicles--
and put beds in them, and
that's where we stayed.
We didn't get a room.
>>JAY: Single person to a room?
>>RODRIGUES: No, well it
was like a big office,
imagine, with cubicles
where 50 people could work,
and it was empty.
And 12 of the cubicles they
just put beds in there, which--
about 12 of us.
And we stayed
there, and we didn't
do anything for a few weeks,
I think, or a week or so.
And one day we were--
what they did was they
took six of us at a time,
and we shared a bathroom across
the hall, a public bathroom
for showers in the morning.
And then we-- the cafeteria.
And there were a
few others, so I
think the place was
big enough to hold
like 200 people or 100 to 200
people, and there were only 50.
It had been abandoned.
They were United
States soldiers,
and there were officers
with them there and maybe
20 soldiers, 30 soldiers.
I'm guessing.
What happened was one day we
were told-- we were briefed.
They took us and
gave us a brief,
and then they took us up to--
we rode the elevator
up to the top,
and then we were given
environmental suits, which
was a very comfortable, flexible
fabric, like a plastic fabric.
And it had a helmet
that went on,
and it had a cone that
went out, but it was open.
You could breathe the air,
but it would give you oxygen
if it needed it, and there
was a small backpack.
>>JAY: So you could
breathe the air on Mars?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
>>JAY: Interesting.
>>RODRIGUES: And I
don't know if that was
a surgery that was given to us.
In the earlier times
when I was taken,
I went through surgery,
after surgery, after surgery,
and I don't know what
they were doing to me.
>>JAY: So are you implying
that this base was
run by the US military since
there were Marines there?
>>RODRIGUES: It was a program
run by the United States.
>>JAY: I see.
>>RODRIGUES: Absolutely.
And they made it known to me
that this is the United States,
and this is run differently
than what you're used to,
and you're going to be
doing stuff our way.
>>JAY: So who conquered Mars
first, the United States?
Did they get there?
>>RODRIGUES: I don't know
about the history of it.
Like I said, we were
far away from many--
where we landed originally
from the bigger area that
was more densely populated.
What happened was they gave
us an environmental suit.
On the right of the
suit was a square gun.
It was a rail gun.
And it had the handle here,
and you could grab it.
And when you let
go of the handle,
it would snap up out
of the way, but I
could grab it, and bring it
down, and it would arm the gun.
So it was safetied if
I let it go, and it
was attached to my arm.
I couldn't get rid of it.
They never gave me any time,
target practice, or anything
with it.
And the suit we had was light,
so I was lighter on Mars.
When we walked out
of the door, we
stepped out of the gravity
plating and into the--
>>JAY: Really
positive buoyance??
>>RODRIGUES: Positive buoyance.
So it was hard to get around.
The soldiers-- we were always
accompanied by soldiers,
and they had a
big armor on them.
They had an armor
suit that was--
it had camouflage.
They had a full face, and they
had electronics you could see.
They had bigger guns.
It was impressive.
They could run and jump the
same like they were on Earth,
and we couldn't.
So if we got running, it
devolved into kind of hopping.
Whereas they could just run
because their suit weighed them
down enough to make up
for the difference in--
>>JAY: So they had more
control over the situation
than you did?
>>RODRIGUES: Absolutely.
So we were let out, and I
think there were six of us.
We were in groups of six
and then two soldiers.
Two soldiers and six of us.
And we walked out of the door
and into the environment,
and it was morning on Mars,
and a very light blue sky.
The biggest thing
that I remember
is, because of the lighter
gravity, we would--
they gave us exercise.
They said, now get out
and run from here to here
so that we would get used to it.
And like I said,
your first couple
of steps where you
accelerate were OK,
but then it devolved
into a hopping.
>>JAY: You could hurt yourself
doing that, couldn't you?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah, we
fell down doing it.
Which I was not as good
as the other guys were.
There were guys that
were way faster than me.
Well, what I found was there
was a nearby small crater,
and I got in the crater
and ran around it.
>>JAY: That must have been fun.
>>RODRIGUES: And I
could run like normal,
and I'd say, hey, guys.
And they'd-- knock it off.
Get in line.
But I remember that.
That memory stood out.
That was my keystone memory
that's always stood out--
was running in that
crater because it was just
fun in the middle of
knowing that I was probably
going to die any minute.
So that was a big thing for me.
Anyhow, and we did
that, and we went out.
We went on a hike.
There were ruins.
There were stone-- you
know people at a beach
will stack stones?
There were tall giant ones.
There was a whole
area that we went
through that was found that was
a ruin that we went through.
>>JAY: How tall were they?
>>RODRIGUES: 30 feet tall--
>>JAY: I bet that
was impressive.
>>RODRIGUES: --of rock, of
stones that somebody built,
not us.
We went out, and hiked, and
we came back, and that was it.
That was our mission.
And then the next day
or a couple days later,
the other six guys would go.
>>JAY: You keep saying
that you were fodder.
Does that mean that you
guys were trained to die?
Is what you're saying, right?
>>RODRIGUES: Absolutely.
>>JAY: You were trained to die.
You were trained
to commit suicide.
>>RODRIGUES: We were
a bounding maneuver.
We were bait so that the other--
the other soldiers
would split off from us
and stay on higher
ground with bigger guns.
The first mission went out.
Nothing happened.
We went out for a
hike, and we came back.
Then the other guys went, and
in the meantime, we sat in our--
with nothing to
do in our cubicle.
>>JAY: Typical military.
>>RODRIGUES: That was
my life for a couple--
it was a week or two before I
went out on the next mission,
and it was later in the day.
The first one was
in the morning,
and the next one was
later in the day, midday,
and the third one was
at night, right at dusk.
>>JAY: So they're getting
you used to the environment.
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah, or
however they planned it.
It was need to know, and we
didn't need to know much.
The second time we went
out, and when we came back,
they were high fiving.
They were elated.
I believe that we went
out and that there were--
the insectoids that
live there and just
never made it to us because
they were taken out.
We didn't know.
I went on a hike in the
desert and hiked back,
and I didn't know anything,
but they were elated.
It was high fives
across the board.
This was a brand new program,
and it was a trial run to them.
>>JAY: Interesting.
So the enemy were
these insectoids
that you were fighting.
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
The third mission--
and we were supposed
to go along the
bottom of a mountain,
right along the bottom
of it, into a flat area
and then cut across.
The mountain kind
of went around,
and we were supposed to
cut across, and meet up
with the soldiers,
and come back.
And I think they did
everything in kilometers,
and we're talking
four kilometers out
and four kilometers back,
something like that.
So we did, and the
weather got crappy,
which then, I mean--
the weather-- it could
blow in and be really dusty and
then blow out in a few minutes.
The weather was bad.
>>JAY: Mostly dust storms?
>>RODRIGUES: Dust.
Clouds.
And the weather
got crappy, and we
started getting away-- the two
soldiers were on the mountain,
and we were down
along the bottom of it
so they could see
us at all times.
And we started getting away
from them, and we knew it.
And three of us
got in an argument,
and they said, well, we're going
to stay close to the mountain.
And I said, we've got
to follow the map,
and that says go
this way, cut across.
So they know what they're--
I mean, what, are you
going to get in trouble?
Are you going to go?
And we fought.
We got in a big
argument about it.
>>JAY: Were they afraid
to go out in the open?
>>RODRIGUES: We were
mentally damaged people.
We were not tough
guys by any means.
We were all-- every
one of us knew
we were afraid for ourselves.
>>JAY: Sure, you were bait.
You knew that if you
went out in the open
that that could be
very dangerous to you.
>>RODRIGUES: And we were told
that you'd be able to hear them
and to kill as many as you
can if you see any bugs--
if you see the bugs.
Three guys went, and
they split off from us,
and the weather started
getting really windy.
And they stayed
parallel to the mountain
where the soldiers
could see them,
and we stayed on the course.
And we got out a good distance,
and the weather got really bad.
It got black.
It got dark.
>>JAY: Not nighttime dark,
but dark from the dust?
>>RODRIGUES: Imagine
a thunderstorm dark.
And we heard them.
We heard behind us--
>>JAY: The clicks.
>>RODRIGUES: --something moving.
You could hear.
It sounded like horses or--
you could hear it.
You could hear them.
It sounded almost like
horses, but different.
We heard them, and the radio
guy got on the radio and said,
we need help.
Contact, contact.
And they said to
get to high ground.
Get somewhere high
so they could see us.
They knew where we were at.
They had they had our--
but they needed to
physically see us.
So we could see--
you know on a stormy
day when it's cloudy,
but you can kind of
see a ray of sun?
There were rays of
sun coming through,
and there was one on a hill.
We said, run there
as fast as we can.
And I was in the
front, and like I said,
it devolved into hopping.
And they were sand
dunes, and we were
hopping from the top of a
dune to another top of a dune.
And the other guys passed me
up because they were faster
at it than me.
And then from behind us a row
of 30 insects came up behind us.
And they came along
the side of me.
There were smaller ones,
kind of like a beetle,
and they flapped their
wings as they ran.
They had wings that had
them run faster kind of.
They hopped, and they had wings.
And I got a shot off.
I was in the middle.
I was mid air.
I was jumping from
a dune to a dune,
and I finally shot the gun.
And of course I
didn't hit anything.
And one came up behind me
and took my arm right off--
the gun and the arm--
bit it right off.
And I fell, and it stood on me.
And I was in complete shock,
and I thought, I'm dead.
I heard the other two guys
in front of me get killed.
They were eaten or
bit up into pieces.
I later had found their body.
I sat there.
It held me down.
It stood on me.
And I remember just
saying over and over,
please don't kill me,
please don't kill me.
All of that psychological
training went out the window.
Everything that they
had programmed me was--
I didn't want to die.
I knew that I had
somewhere else in life.
Somehow-- I don't know how it
did it-- but it picked me up,
and a third kind
of bug came over
from where the other
two-- came over the dune.
And it was much different,
and a move different.
It moved strange, and
it moved its head.
It had antenna, and they had
balls on top of each other.
It had antenna.
>>JAY: And you're bleeding
pretty badly, I would imagine.
>>RODRIGUES: I was
in shock from--
I had no arm.
It walked up to me
slowly, and it kind of
moved its head awkwardly.
And when it got close enough to
me where it was face to face--
and I was just totally in shock.
I couldn't believe
what was going on.
I was totally beside myself.
When they say about people in
car accidents and the things
they can go into shock--
I was in that.
And I just kept begging,
please don't kill me, please
don't kill me.
Please, I don't want to die.
I don't want to die.
Please don't kill me.
I was just in tears.
And when he got up close to
me face to face with me--
and it had mandibles.
And the antennas did this.
They were moving kind of
gently, and they went into me.
And I was in a dream
all of a sudden.
I was back in the place
in Southern California
in the Inyokern Air Base.
>>JAY: So now what
happened with the mantis?
He's trying to figure out
whether he's going to kill you
or not?
>>RODRIGUES: I was in
a dream state with it,
and I mean it was just
like standing-- literally
just like standing in the room.
>>JAY: Oh, so he's going
through your memories?
>>RODRIGUES: Yes, and he went
through my entire time up
until--
he went inside the
base where I was,
and he showed me the cubicle
where I was sleeping.
It was empty.
Nobody else there but me
and him standing there.
It was like a dream, but it was
a waking memory that he was--
and the whole time he
was explaining it I
couldn't hear what
he was saying,
but I could perceive
that he was describing
the scene to something
else, to somebody else.
Not the other insects around
us, but something far away.
He was describing what he saw.
And it went through
the entire time,
and then it ended
up-- it showed me
my living room of
my childhood house
that I was taken from that
I didn't have memories of.
And he said, this
is who you are.
This is who you are.
That was the other
thing he said.
We're going to find
out your purpose.
We're going to find your
purpose, what your purpose is.
And at the end, he
said your purpose
isn't for killing at all.
You don't have a
purpose for killing.
You can live.
And I went out, and I
woke up the next morning
in a hospital bed.
And they briefed
me, and then they
gave me a checkup and
some other treatment.
And then I went back
to the elevator back,
and they canceled our program.
The program was canceled.
They did an analysis.
They said everything
froze, and they
are now they did a
strategic analysis,
and they decided to cancel it.
That entire base was
geared around our program
of what was going on.
>>JAY: Well, Tony, that
is one amazing story.
That's all I got to say.
I want to thank you
for being brave enough,
and coming forward,
and telling this.
Thanks a lot.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> These other limbs
started to attack everyone.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> So it turned
into a bloodbath.
>> They had consented because
they were no longer in fear
of being killed by
an invading army.
>> They've sold giant lies
to color giant lies on top
of giant lies.
[THEME MUSIC]